# Bank-Management-System
A bank is a financial institution licensed to receive deposits and make loans. Banks may also provide financial services such as wealth management, currency exchange, and safe deposit boxes. There are several different kinds of banks including retail banks, commercial or corporate banks, and investment banks. In most countries, banks are regulated by the national government or central bank.
Commercial banks assume a significant part in the monetary framework and the economy. As a vital part of the monetary framework, banks designate assets from savers to borrowers in an effective way. They offer financial services, which lessen the expense of getting data about the two reserve funds and acquiring potential open doors. These financial services help to make the general economy more effective.
We have created banking management system which provides a general overview of the inner functioning of banks. The database management system created shows some of the main functions of a bank including providing account, loans, and the general hierarchy of banks – bank, branch, employee, customer. It consists of valiant features of taking important and specific details in the form of attributes as represented in the Entity-Relationship model explained in the upcoming pages.
The bank system created works with bank employees providing services to customers by assigning them a bank account. In a bank, one customer can have only one account which is further described by an entity called transaction which maintains multiple records of the customer’s deposits and withdrawals. The bank also has multiple employees dealing with a single customer. A single employee can work in only one branch of the bank at a time. A single bank can own multiple branches to increase outreach. Many customers can avail multiple loans from the bank at any given time of the year.
